this woman weighs 200 pounds
she is talented but unfortunately her
unsupportive physical appearance makes
her feel insecure
and she also often gets insulted because
of her big body
however look what happened after she did
a plastic surgery
[Music]
this woman's name is king hannah she has
a very melodious voice
but because of her unsupportive physical
appearance she just becomes a singer
behind the stage for an
artist named amy because she has a
pleasant voice
she also satisfies men's desires over
the phone
or what is commonly called phone sex
she really likes the handsome director
of her agency
sung joon but unfortunately she doesn't
dare to reveal it because she's
self-conscious about her physical
appearance
one day when hannah had just finished
recording she was escorted home by sung
joon
then sung jun invites hannah to come to
her birthday
tomorrow sung-joon gave hannah a red
dress to wear to her birthday
but unfortunately the dress didn't fit
her big body
hannah still insists on wearing the
dress to seung jun's birthday
and this makes her a joke for those who
attend the event
then amy came wearing the same dress as
the one hannah was wearing
apparently sungjoon meant to give the
dress to hannah just to pretend to be
nice to her
so that hannah can be used more by them
at that time
hannah happened to be in the same toilet
overhearing the conversation
between sung joon and amy which made
hannah feel very sad
because she knew that all this time sung
jun was just pretending to be nice to
her
because she was very frustrated hannah
had thought about ending her life
but luckily one of her perverted clients
called her right away
and she immediately remembered that her
client is a plastic surgeon
hannah went straight to the doctor to
perform a major operation on her body
the doctor initially refused but because
of being threatened by hannah
the doctor finally agreed to perform the
surgery
long story short finally the operation
was successfully done
and after undergoing the surgery hannah
on a strict diet so that the results she
can get the maximum
and finally a year later hannah managed
to completely transform
her body into a very beautiful one she
really enjoyed her new body which was
very beautiful
she bought clothes that she could not
wear before but now these clothes look
so beautiful when worn by her
people started to treat her well even
when hannah hit a taxi car
the taxi driver who was initially very
angry immediately became friendly to her
when she saw hannah's beauty on the
other hand
seung jun is struggling to find a
replacement for hannah
to become the behind the stage singer
for amy
he held an audition but none of them
matched seongjun taste
until finally hannah herself joined the
audition
hannah managed to attract all the judges
including seung jun himself
she eventually replaced amy as a singer
seung jun had no idea if that woman was
hannah
hannah herself also faked her identity
by changing her name to jenny
sungjun and jenny continued to practice
in the recording studio before debuting
jenny in public
because jenny has been singing behind
the stage all this time
her appearance is still stiff then
sungjoon shows the old video of hannah
and he asks her to sing like hannah
seung-joon said that hannah was someone
very special to him
and immediately hannah thought to reveal
her true identity to seung jun
but hannah's friends forbid it because
she said that men don't like women who
do plastic surgery
and sure enough when jenny and seung jun
were in the same car
seung-jun said that he really hates
women who do plastic surgery
long story short the day of hannah's
first appearance as jenny on stage has
arrived jenny was late for her first
performance
because before the show started she beat
up her friend's boyfriend first
because he had her friend hospitalized
because of that incident
sung jun and his team ran out of time to
come up with a jenny outfit concept for
the concert
finally seung-joon can only hope that
jenny can sing with her heart
just like hannah did before at first
jenny was nervous because of her dotted
appearance but in the end she managed to
amaze the entire audience with her
beautiful voice
this debut also made jenny's career sore
in addition the longer the relationship
between seung jun and jenny is getting
closer
and nao seung-jun has fallen in love
with jenny seen from sung joon
who kissed her when they both were in
hannah's private room
however at that moment seung-jun found
out that jenny's hannah
after she saw the symbol of hannah's
tattoo which was drawn by jenny on her
makeup mirror
instantly seung-joon became awkward to
get close to jenny
because seung-jun was confused what to
do with her
then on the night of the party before
jenny's next concert will take place
amy brings hannah's father to the event
with the intention of exposing jenny's
true identity
jenny pretended not to recognize her
father even though at that time her
father recognized his daughter very well
even though she was already in a very
different appearance
sung joon then told jenny that he
already knew that she was king hannah
then hannah finally confessed and she
explained to seung jun the reason she
had the surgery
the next day just before hannah's
concert was about to start
the news spread that jenny is a fat
woman who had undergone major surgery on
her body
this information got to the ceo he then
forbade sung joon from holding hannah's
concert
however sung joon was determined to do
the concert
because he believed in hannah when the
concert had just started
hannah's father suddenly came to the
front of the stage to cheer on his
daughter
but unfortunately he was dragged off the
stage by the bodyguards
and it really hurt hannah she then asked
the bodyguard to stop the act
then she made a confession in front of
everyone that in fact she is not jenny
but king hannah a fat woman who has
completely remodeled her body by doing
plastic surgery
at that time there was also a video of
the old hannah
when she was still singing behind the
stage for amy
it made the atmosphere emotional all the
audience was very touched by hannah's
confession
then they all supported hannah by saying
if the thing that hannah did
is not matter hannah then slowly walked
over to her father
then she hugged her father tightly whom
she loved so much
after the concert jenny has now returned
to be hannah
and she hasn't covered up her identity
anymore
this did not make hannah's career fall
she remains a famous singer
and now she can return to her father's
arms in peace
from this story one can conclude that
having a good physical appearance
is certainly very happy self-confidence
will increase
the people around us will tend to
respect us more
and it will also greatly support our
careers
however if in order to have a good
appearance we have to sacrifice our true
identity
as well as those we care for then that
is useless
because true happiness is not just about
having a beautiful bodily appearance
but is more than that being with those
we care about will bring more happiness
to our lives
thank you for watching this video see
you in the next videos